Update mine-to-pool.md (#2212)
monero-project/monero-site: _i18n/en/resources/user-guides/mine-to-pool.md

### Other distributions and operative systems

> Binaries are available for multiple distributions and operative systems, but you can also build the miner by yourself. Take a look at [XMrig's docs](https://xmrig.com/docs/miner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binaries are available for various distributions and operating systems, but you can also build the miner by yourself. Take a look at [XMrig's docs](https://xmrig.com/docs/miner)
```

While `various` is simply my personal preference
`operating` vs `operative` looks like a spelling mistake
